(clapping)
(beep)
I've always been good
at embodying my characters.
Some say it's a gift.
(beep)
Yes, it's been my dream
since I was a girl.
(beep)
Uh, well...
(groans)
♪ When you're silent and you're
living in the shadows ♪
♪ And you find yourself there
all alone ♪
♪ You know you can no longer
continue living this way ♪
♪ Come with me ♪
♪ Into the spotlight ♪
Actors, designers,
performers, filmmakers.
♪ Time to take the stage ♪
♪ Come on, let's go ♪
♪ I got your pass, honey ♪
♪ Your ticket
to your land of dreams ♪
♪ Theaters,
look at that marquee ♪
♪ And parties
full of celebrities ♪
♪ Pavement-pounding
paparazzi, too ♪
♪ Till the day your name is
on the Walk of Fame ♪
♪ Don't stop now, dream big ♪
♪ But beware, don't forget ♪
♪ If your restless feet
should trip and fall ♪
♪ There's no turning back
from your calling ♪
♪ You know it's true ♪
♪ What may look from afar
like diamonds ♪
♪ Are actually
a poor romantic's tears ♪
♪ But don't give up,
and don't give in ♪
♪ You have to keep
that dream alive ♪
♪ Dance on fire ♪
♪ Time to heat things up now ♪
♪ Go on with your
song and dance ♪
♪ You may be burnt out ♪
♪ But your dreams,
they keep on blazing ♪
♪ On and on ♪
♪ And so smile
for your close-up ♪
(audience cheering )
♪ Camera roll. ♪
CORVETTE:
Great! Cut!
Next shot!
FEMALE CREW MEMBER:
That's it for the wide!
MALE CREW MEMBER:
Prep for the next shot!
Let's move those crates!
-Great job.
-Hmm?
As always, Mystia.
That's so sweet of you, Gene.
CORVETTE:
Now, see, it'll be more dramatic
if we come from the side
then push in.
I'll move the camera, then.
-Thanks.
-Sure.
(nervous laughter)
-Hey, what you writing
in there, huh?
-Aah!
Well, there are so many things
to learn about on a film set.
That's why I'm taking notes
on everything.
Wow.
You must really like studying.
GENE:
What? No. I...
Have no fear, I am here!
'Tis I, Pompo!
How is everyone?
-(indistinct greetings)
-(Mystia giggles)
Hi, Pompo.
You're looking sexier
than ever, Mystia.
So, how's it going,
Mr. Director?
(chuckles) Why don't you
take a look for yourself?
POMPO:
Uh-huh.
(gasps) Oh, yes, yes.
The perfect blend
of fear and sex appeal.
-(screams)
-CORVETTE: I know, right?
Oh, hey, Pompo, are we
all set for that meeting?
GENE: I've been Pompo's
assistant for about a year now,
watching and learning
from the sidelines.
-POMPO: Gene!
-Huh?
Grab us some sandwiches.
Uh, yes. Right away.
-POMPO: Tuna, please.
-You got it!
GENE:
Pompo's an amazing producer.
But for some reason,
she only works on B movies.
Um...
POMPO:
Hmm?
I was just wondering,
do you only like B movies
or something?
POMPO:
No. I like all movies.
Pompo's not really
all that picky.
-Oh.
-Hmm.
But this is gonna be
a summer release,
so it's got to have sun,
the sea and a little skin.
A good excuse
to show off Mystia's body.
You know, there's
a direct correlation
between your lead actress's
looks
and how good the movie will be.
GENE:
Really? Is that true?
With the right lead,
Pompo can transform
any screenplay
into a good movie.
-Hmm.
-Truth is,
making the audience cry
is actually pretty easy.
Making them fall in love
with something vapid
takes a stroke of genius.
Oh. I-I guess
that makes a lot of sense.
(grunts)
Hey, what's on the schedule
for tomorrow?
Uh, auditions for the movie
that Corvette is directing.
Oh, cool. We'll be deciding
the fate of young people.
You better not be late,
then, Gene.
GENE:
Uh, good night.
(thunder crashes)
(grunts, whimpers)
(gasps)
♪
GENE:
A perfect shot.
ANNOUNCER:
Peterzen! Peterzen Film!
(gasps) Uh, sorry.
(grunts)
(panting)
(groans)
-(panting)
-POMPO: You're late!
What did I tell you
last night, huh?
The auditions are already over.
I'm so sorry! (panting)
Now make yourself useful
and get me a treat.
And it better have
chocolate in it!
Yes, ma'am. Right away, ma'am!
(grunts) That girl.
Was she
the last one to audition?
She was. And it's such a shame
that the kid can't act.
Well, I'll be in the
screening room if you need me.
Uh...
♪
(gasps)
(octopus roars)
(dramatic music playing)
(giant crab roars)
Fire it up! Who's in the mood
for a seafood boil?
GENE:
This is incredible.
It's so trashy
yet still a great movie.
-(screams)
-Pompo can take any script
and make it into a hit .
She truly is a genius.
(whimpering)
Huh?
NIGEL:
That crane shot really paid off.
MALE VIEWER:
That part was so awesome.
I was like,
"Oh, no, they didn't."
(panting)
Grandpa!
Hmm?
-You made it.
-Mm-hmm.
Who knew that a movie
with that many cute behinds
-could be so entertaining?
-I know, right?
GENE:
There he is--
a titan in the film world,
legendary producer
J.D. Peterzen.
I've seen so many of his movies
that I've lost count.
After he retired
from the industry,
his granddaughter,
a young cinephile,
inherited
all of his connections.
But that's not all
she inherited.
His eye for spotting great
scripts, actors, directors,
his charisma, his decisiveness,
everything needed
to produce great movies,
making her
a silver screen prodigy.
Hey, Pompo!
They want us
to take some PR shots.
Okay. Catch up with you later.
PETERZEN:
Mm-hmm.
(grunts)
-Uh, Mr. Peterzen?
-Hmm?
Oh, you're Stan "the
Unsinkable Battleship" Hansen.
It's Gene.
Uh, I wanted to know the secret
to making a great movie.
Hmm? Hmm.
There's no real correct way
to make a movie.
Oh. Yeah. Right.
But a film set is
a living thing.
From the actors' moods
to the changing scenes,
you need to have a sharp eye.
That way, you'll never miss
a moment that sparkles.
I need to have a sharp eye.
Got it.
And I'm guessing you're asking
because you hope to make
your own movie one day?
What? No! No way.
I could never,
not in my wildest dreams.
(chuckles)
There, there.
You've got to relax, son.
There's a reason Pompo
chose you to be on her team.
Huh? She what?
PETERZEN:
Look, a producer's job
is basically all about
spotting talent.
Have you considered that the
reason Pompo keeps you around
is because she sees
something in you? Hmm?
GENE:
Wait. You mean really?
-Hmm.
-CORVETTE: I think you're right.
It would make a good adaptation.
-Hey, Mr. Director.
-Hmm?
A word?
-(thump)
-POMPO: It's decided.
That is correct, Gene, my boy.
You will be cutting
the trailer for Marine.
What?
(screaming):
But-but-but doesn't
a producer usually hire
a special trailer house
to do something like that?
You want to make movies, right?
Well, you got to take risks
and not do
-what everyone else
usually does.
-(whimpers)
(whimpers)
(chuckles)
I'm gonna need you
to cut a 15-second spot.
You know how to use
editing software, right?
Well, yes, but...
POMPO: Grab their attention
right from the top.
Give them a taste
of some of the best parts,
but mislead them to create buzz.
And then end with a bang!
Something like that.
All that in just 15 seconds?
Yep. The 15-second
trailer teaser
is the spot
that most people will see,
which means it also directly
affects the box office.
The livelihoods of the
entire crew and their families
lie solely in your hands now.
Got it?
(shudders) Uh-huh.
♪
GENE:
It is simply impossible
to realistically fit all of that
into just 15 seconds.
That's not enough time.
That's why I'm going to
include outside footage.
♪
(grunts)
(grunting)
One technique of filmmaking
is to make the audience
imagine the next scene
without showing it.
(grunting)
We don't have to show
everything.
I'll let the audience fill in
the gaps in their heads.
I'm not even thinking
about box office
or the crew's livelihoods
right now
because I'm having too much fun!
(grunts)
(grunts softly)
♪
(chuckles)
(beep)
NARRATOR:
It was supposed to be
another typical vacation.
(screams)
Well? So what do you think?
-Mr. Director?
-(sighs)
CORVETTE:
That's Pompo, isn't it?
-Yes. That's right.
-Oh!
Yeah, I remember waving to
Mystia right after we wrapped.
Why would you include that shot?
Uh, well, I wanted
to mislead the audience
to create some buzz,
and I happened
to find that footage.
I messed up, didn't I?
Hmm.
-It's great.
-(gasps softly)
-I love it!
-Huh?
POMPO: So Gene can make
the 30-second, two-minute,
-and online versions, right?
-CORVETTE: Works for me.
(chuckles)
GENE:
Thank you so much!
(clock ticking)
(sighs)
-POMPO: I saw you.
-Huh?
You were talking
to my grandpa yesterday.
You know, I didn't expect that.
-(munching)
-Yeah. That's right.
He said something I wanted
to ask you about.
-Hmm?
-I was wondering
why you decided
to make me your assistant.
There are so many others.
People who have
better schooling,
are better-looking
or are just
all around better than me.
So then what made you choose me?
-Ah, that's an easy one.
-Huh?
You possess one quality
that nobody else has.
Your eyes don't sparkle.
Huh? Uh...
If you take a look
into everyone else's eyes,
they sparkle brilliantly
with the hope
of adolescent optimism.
But the truth is,
a fulfilling life gives you
a perspective that lacks
a certain depth.
And so, happiness
destroys creativity.
So those others aren't
qualified to be creators.
(buzzer blares)
However, when I looked
into your eyes,
I saw the typical signs
of an outcast
with nothing going for him.
That's a compliment.
Uh, thank you?
POMPO: People who don't fit
in the real world
create their own world
inside of their mind.
The expanse and depth
of an outcast's inner world is
directly correlated to their
untapped creative potential.
And that's why I put my faith
in a complete loner like you.
(gasping)
-Because it's all in the eyes.
-Oh.
-I see.
-(groans)
Oh, no, it's happening again.
(groaning)
Like the other day?
I feel like I'm forgetting
something.
About the screening?
(grumbles)
Or about the audition yesterday?
That's it!
Pompo remembers what it is.
A little light bulb went on.
I didn't notice at the time.
Here it is.
-Arrange a meeting with her.
-Uh, yes, ma'am.
Uh, this girl,
does she have the eyes
of an outcast, too?
No, 'cause an actress
needs sparkling eyes.
I can't put my finger on it yet,
but there's
just something about her.
No matter, 'cause when
it comes to making movies,
sometimes you just gotta
go with your gut, right?
(gulps, grunts)
GENE: Um, would it be okay
if I used the screening room?
Sure. What you gonna watch?
Just, uh, Cinema Paradiso.
Ugh. I hate that one.
What?
But that movie's a masterpiece.
Eh, it's a good story,
but it's way too long.
So, you don't like long movies?
Ugh, I hate them.
But don't you think
the longer they are,
the longer
you have to enjoy them?
You got it all wrong.
Let me tell you a story.
When I was a kid,
my parents were always busy.
So my grandpa raised me.
And the only thing
my grandpa knows are movies.
So he made me watch them.
Do you know how tough it is
for a little kid to sit still
for two to three hours?
He would force me
to watch the entire thing
and then make me
tell him what I thought.
-So a simple story...
-(groans)
...told in 90 minutes or less
was like an oasis
in a desert of celluloid.
And that is one of the reasons
why I can't stand long movies.
GENE:
What are the others?
Making people concentrate
for two hours or sometimes more
is simply unkind
to modern audiences.
Filmmakers should recognize
that every shot is precious
and attempt to convey
their vision
as concisely as possible.
I mean, a bloated film
isn't beautiful.
It's just indulgent, yeah?
But I love watching movies
so much that I don't mind
sitting through three
or even four hours if...
Aah! This is what's wrong
with you film buffs!
GENE:
Being able to pick the brain
of the one of the industry's
greats from such a young age.
I envy her.
-(door opens)
-POMPO: Mind if I join you?
Miss Pompo. Did you want
to watch the movie as well?
It's already halfway over,
though.
Great, 'cause I didn't want
to watch the whole thing.
If it's a masterpiece,
then checking it out
is only apropos.
Um...
GENE:
Huh?
I'm getting déjà vu.
I wonder why.
(knocking)
Good morning, Miss Pompo. Huh?
I guess she hasn't come in yet.
Aah!
(whimpering)
Uh... (panting)
GENE:
Meister.
Is this what Pompo's been
working on?
(gulps)
(gasps)
Pompo has returned
from breakfast!
Probably shouldn't
have eaten so much,
'cause this is
one stuffed tummy.
-Okay. Noted.
-How do you like the script?
-Oh. Well...
-I agree. It's so true.
Pompo is simply incapable
of writing a boring script.
I want you to give me
a detailed analysis right now.
Uh, yes. I-I can do that.
An aging artist finds peace
when he travels
to the countryside
and meets a young girl.
The story's a bit of a cliché,
but that said,
these characters are completely
unique and compelling.
D'Albert, the arrogant
and talented conductor,
yet naive about the world.
Lily, who at times acts
like an inquisitive boy
and at others
like a sensitive girl.
These are the two
main characters alone.
But they manage
to carry the entire film.
It's incredible how a B movie
producer such as yourself
managed to write
such a perfectly crafted,
poignant story.
Ah, I see, I see.
So you think I'm nothing more
than a B movie producer?
I'm so sorry!
But, uh,
it's not just the story.
You go from the bustle
of the city,
then to the sweeping,
majestic views of the Alps.
It's so liberating.
If I saw that on the big screen,
it would take my breath away.
Mmm...
-(laughs)
-(yelping)
One more question for you, Gene.
Out of all the scenes,
which one did you like the best?
Uh, easy.
It's the one where Lily
is singing
and then looks
over her shoulder.
Oh. That was a quick answer.
Well, it's the moment
when D'Albert
finally regains
his passion for music.
And also when I read it,
man, I could
picture it immediately.
Hmm. You have passed.
However, looking through it,
most of these scenes only have
two actors in them,
which means you're going to have
to cast really strong actors.
It's already cast. We offered
D'Albert to Martin Braddock,
and he's accepted.
What? M-Martin Braddock?
But he's a legend,
the best actor ever!
Uh, wait, didn't he retire?
He no longer felt inspired,
so he got more picky
and hasn't said yes to anything
for ten years.
That is, until I got
Grandpa to convince him.
GENE:
Wow.
POMPO: Martin Braddock's
first film in ten years.
That'll make for great PR.
This movie's gonna
be a hit now for sure.
-And for Lily, we're casting...
-(door opens)
-NATALIE: Um, excuse me.
-Oh? Yes. Right on cue.
GENE:
Huh?
I got my hair cut
just like you asked me to.
How is it?
POMPO: Ooh, nice.
It really suits you, Natalie.
(gasps)
-(screams)
-(gasps)
It's-it's Lily!
I'm staring right at Lily!
-I know.
-NATALIE: Huh? Huh?
She's perfect.
Because I wrote it for her.
That's why... Oh.
The first time
I set eyes on her,
I caught a glimmer of it.
A scene awash with a brilliant,
beautiful light.
And so, in order to try
to capture
that brief flash of light,
I wrote this script.
So then, sometimes,
scripts are written
for specific actors?
Occasionally, an entire story
will unfold in your mind
when you meet
that special someone.
Generally speaking, that means
you have a fantastic movie
on your hands.
-I see.
-NATALIE: Um, excuse me,
but can you explain to me
what you two are talking about?
POMPO:
I shall enlighten.
Congratulations on being cast
in your first movie.
Huh? Aah!
W-W-W-Wait! All of a sudden?
H-H-H-How did this happen?
-I don't believe this!
-Here you go.
-GENE: Huh?
I'm going to let you
shoot this screenplay of mine.
Best of luck, director Gene.
(gasps, screams)
I apologize, but we're doing
some construction up ahead.
Uh, understood.
This way.
Sorry for the inconvenience.
(sighs)
Uh, excuse me. Whoa!
No, no, no, I can't sleep.
I have to take a shower
and go to that audition.
(gasps) Oh, no!
(panting)
I'm late! I'm late!
Ah.
♪
Hmm.
Number 15!
My name's Natalie Woodward!
I'm here to audition.
(whimpers)
(growls) No! Too plain!
Aah!
-NATALIE: That's my
30th rejection.
-(buzzer blares)
No wonder I'm so depressed.
(buzzer blares)
(repeated buzzing)
POMPO: You're late!
The auditions are already over!
GENE:
I am so sorry.
Too expensive.
(humming softly)
(whimpering)
(sniffling)
(laughing)
My smile is my best asset,
and I am never going to give up!
I will not abandon my dreams.
It's the reason
I came to this town.
-(phone buzzes)
-Huh?
Uh...
I'm here! I got here
as soon as I could!
Sorry to make you rush over.
Uh, Natalie Woodward.
Born in Sunroad,
a town known for its corn.
Zero acting experience.
What are you currently doing
to make money?
Oh! Well,
I have a part-time job.
-How many days a week?
-Every day, I'm afraid.
And are you in acting classes?
I can only afford
once every two weeks.
Come on.
How do you expect to become
a movie star at that rate?
-(whimpers)
-I assume you're familiar
with the lovely Mystia.
Of course! I wish I could be
half as beautiful as she is.
You're going to quit
your day job.
-Huh?
-You'll also move out
of your apartment
-and in with Mystia.
-Eh?
From now on,
you'll be her apprentice.
You will shadow her every day.
I'll call her later
and give her a heads-up.
You will receive
the same exact training as her,
and you will learn
by observing her on set.
-Understood?
-Huh? Yes.
Then why are you
still standing here? Go!
(screaming)
(panting)
(grunts)
(laughing)
Woo-hoo! (laughing)
(gasping)
Hello. You must be Natalie.
-Nice to meet you.
-Uh, hi.
It really is her.
She's even more beautiful
in person.
Uh, this place is huge!
I was just about
to head over to the gym.
Would you like
to come along with me?
Uh, yes!
Oh! Whoa!
-Huh?
-You have amazing abs.
Yeah. I typically lay off
the workouts when I'm filming.
Turns out boys aren't
that into muscles.
(gasps)
(grunts, sighs)
That was my first time
working out.
My whole body hurts.
(chuckles)
Hmm.
Leave the cooking to me.
It's the least I can do for you,
and I know how to make
plenty of healthy dishes
to keep you camera ready.
Huh.
(laughs)
So, Natalie, I heard that you
wanted to be an actress
ever since you were
a little girl.
(coughs) Yes, that's right.
Well, then I hope you book
something real soon.
Yeah!
Even the smallest star
in the sky
shines like an angel
from the heavens!
No, no, no. Do you even
know what you're saying?
-You sound like you're reading.
-Right! I'm so sorry.
(whimpers)
MYSTIA:
Here. You thirsty?
Yes. Thank you so much.
(chuckles)
Hello! Pompo has arrived!
So how's it going?
Natalie, show me your face.
Oh! What is she doing?
Very good. She's almost ready.
(shudders) Huh?
♪
(buzzer blares)
-(buzz)
-(ding)
-♪
-(dialogue inaudible)
MYSTIA:
Yes. Got it.
Oh, a haircut.
All right, I will let her know.
Don't you worry, okay?
You're finally making a move
at last, huh, Pompo?
Hmm?
Oh, Natalie.
Miss Pompo would like to see you
at the studio tomorrow.
-Also...
-Huh?
I got my hair cut
just like you asked me to.
(screams)
♪
(grunts) Director Gene!
What? The director?
Oh, wait. That's me.
I can't believe
this is happening to us.
I feel so giddy
that I'm trying not to faint.
Yeah. Me, too.
Oh, I'm so nauseous.
-Hey, there.
-(whimpers)
Oh! M-M-Mystia.
You know, whether you two
are ready or not,
this movie is going to get made.
This is your chance to fulfill
your lifelong dreams.
Don't just stand there.
Go out there and network.
Hmm. (whimpering)
Here I go!
(softly):
Wow.
Okay, Gene, it's your turn now.
(clears throat)
Hmm. (chuckles)
You're Gene the director,
am I right?
It's Martin. (whimpers)
Best of luck.
Uh, right.
PETERZEN:
Thanks for doing this.
Ah. There you are.
GENE:
I don't believe my eyes.
Two legends who, between them,
have won six Nyacademy Awards
are standing right before me.
Good... good
to see you again, sir.
Hmm? Wait a minute.
You're Hawk and Animal
of the Road Warriors.
I'm Gene. We've met.
Yes, of course.
It's Gene, right?
Congratulations, director.
(gasps)
Uh, thank you so much, sir.
PETERZEN: For a big star,
Martin gets lonely easily,
so no need to give him space.
Try to engage with him
as much as possible.
Oh, right.
CORVETTE:
Gene. Gene!
Uh, Director Corvette.
Your first movie.
Congratulations.
Thanks.
And congratulations to you
on the success of Marine.
No, no. My crew deserves
all the credit.
Hey, Gene,
would you mind if I give you
one piece of advice?
Yes. Of course you may.
Since this is your first film
and Martin is your star,
it means you're going to be
under a whole lot of pressure.
If you try to please everyone,
your movie's going to be
a directionless mess.
But here's how to fix that.
All you have to do
is think about the one person
you want to show the movie to
the most.
And as long as you make it
for them,
your movie will end up
with a laser-sharp focus.
That makes sense.
I've been pretty worried
about screwing it all up,
so that was helpful.
-(chuckles)
-MARTIN: What?
She's the female lead, not you?
-Yeah!
-I'm actually not even in it.
I'm gonna be playing
the female lead!
Oh, man. What a disappointment.
Anyway,
the name's Martin Braddock,
the best actor in the world.
Shall we exchange socials?
I don't have a smartphone.
Sorry.
(Natalie groans)
Martin was so disappointed
that I'm the lead.
Could that mean
I'm not good enough?
-Director Gene.
-(gasps)
I get heartburn
when I hear that.
-Can I ask you something?
-Yes.
Is it weird to have me
playing your female lead?
Maybe I'm not attractive enough.
Uh, mm,
I-I'm so nervous about this
that part of me
wants to run away.
But when I think about it,
I'd just be running away
from reality.
And where would I run to,
since this is the only place
I belong?
So I only have two choices--
-make the movie or die.
-(gasps)
And so, I'm doing this
no matter what.
I won't run. I won't.
(sighs)
NATALIE:
Blue skies,
cornfields as far
as the eye can see.
That's all there is
in my hometown.
And that's the reason
I loved movies so much.
They were a way
for me to escape,
a way for me to dream.
One day, I'm going
to become an actress!
(laughter)
Don't worry, my dear.
You'll make a wonderful
actress one day, Natalie.
NATALIE:
Ever since that day,
I worked as hard as I could.
I saved up all my money
so that I could come here
to Nyallywood.
This is my big break.
It's also my whole life.
-Uh, you know...
-Yes?
I just remembered something
Pompo said to me.
She said, as long as
your lead actress is attractive,
you've nothing to worry about
'cause your movie will be a hit.
Uh-huh. Uh, mm.
You were handpicked
by Pompo herself,
so you're attractive
'cause you're attractive enough
to be a lead actress,
you know?
(gasps)
A-And regardless,
I can't see anyone else
in the role of Lily.
You don't need to worry.
Just let me
take care of the rest.
Uh...
-(fireworks popping)
-(gasps)
(whistling)
♪
Mm. All right.
Thank you for the confidence.
Let's make a movie, director.
Huh? Yes.
-(snoring)
-What? You're not sleeping?
Oh, well, I'm just
going over some notes
from the location manager.
Make sure to get plenty of rest.
Don't forget, that's also
part of your job.
(snoring continues)
Sorry. I need to go
to the restroom.
You just went, Alan.
Now you look here.
This is a huge contract for us.
Don't mess it up, got that?
(chuckles) I won't.
(scoffs) We'll see.
(sighs)
I know him, but how?
Hello! Pompo has arrived
in Switzerland!
(Natalie gasps)
Oh. This is great.
The despondent D'Albert
lands in Switzerland
and is moved to tears
by the splendor of the Alps.
That is such a great idea.
I know, right?
No. It won't work.
-MARTIN: What?
-OTHERS: Huh?
When he first arrives here,
his heart is closed off
to the outside world.
He's not even capable
of noticing the scenery.
MARTIN:
Oh.
Uh...
Aah! Sorry!
I have no right to challenge
any of your creative ideas!
No, it's fine.
You're the director, after all.
(grunts) Yes, sir.
It takes a village to make
one of these little movies.
Just know that I will
never hesitate
to give you my opinion,
and it's your job
to take it or leave it.
Uh, right.
Everyone, feel free to give
your creative input.
-Okay.
-Got it.
Ah. There are benefits
to having veteran actors
in your cast.
♪
NATALIE:
Look how far I've come, Grandma.
And, Mystia, I'll do my best.
MILES:
Scene 32, shot one, take one.
Exterior-- meadow, Alps.
We see the heartbroken D'Albert.
-He meets Lily for
the first time.
-Ready?
Got it.
MILES:
Rolling!
GENE:
Action!
-(whooshing)
-(grunts)
GENE: This is the power
of the best actor in the world.
He's usually so lively,
but as soon
as the cameras rolled,
he embodied despondency.
However, what's even more
surprising, though...
...is Lily.
Her star quality is undeniable.
-(explosive whooshing)
-(gasps)
POMPO: She's perfect
because I wrote it for her.
GENE:
This is what it looks like
when a script
is written for an actor.
(indistinct chatter)
Uh, so, Martin, will you be
going back to Nyallywood
to shoot the orchestra scene
after we're done filming here?
That's the plan.
Do you have to go through
conductor training or anything?
-Actually...
-It's not a problem.
Martin has played a conductor
twice previously.
In the climax
of the film Welter,
he had to conduct
a live, full orchestra.
The scene was a single shot
lasting six minutes
and 40 seconds,
and it made cinematic history.
Professional musicians
praised his performance,
saying it was perfect.
So I'm sure
he'll remember how to do it
with very little coaching.
(gasps)
Sorry. Did I say
something wrong?
Oh. I'm speechless.
That's Gene for you.
You really are amazing.
You know everything
there is about movies.
Well, it's all I have.
Honestly, I'm happy and shocked
that you're familiar
with one of my older films.
Well, of course I am.
I've seen
every one of your films.
They're all masterpieces.
Hmm. I like you.
Let's call it a day
and drink until dawn.
-Overruled.
-Aah!
So let's frame it
with the sun on the right,
but I also want the shot to be
a little backlit, you got that?
The director's really
particular about the lighting.
He's done so many setups.
It's the scene where you take
D'Albert for a walk
with all the goats.
My guess is he just wants
to do the whole thing
in a single take.
Oh. Hmm?
Huh?
(bleats)
MILES:
I'm so sorry about this.
The roof fell in
and spooked them.
We patched it up
as best we could, but...
POMPO: It was pretty
rickety to start with.
But I thought there were
supposed to be more goats.
-Well, you see...
-(howls)
NATALIE:
They were eaten by wolves?
(gasps) Poor things.
That means we don't have
enough goats.
-What do we do now?
-What did the goatherder say?
It's impossible to get more.
Should we postpone, then?
Except we have a limited number
of shooting days
at this location,
and the weather's
about to change.
POMPO:
And the fog's rolling in.
Fog, huh?
(gasps) Do we have
a smoke machine handy?
-But why?
-(goat bleats)
♪
(grunts, gasps)
-(bleats)
-(gasps)
Huh?
It's okay. Don't be afraid.
Come. This way.
-The smoke was a great idea.
-Mm-hmm.
And the goats were
the right amount of scary.
There also ended up
being enough of them,
with the cutouts we made.
The script merely described
D'Albert and Lily
going for a walk.
(laughs)
-Way to go, Gene!
-(gasps, groans)
(thunder rumbling)
MARTIN:
Well, today's a wash.
You want to try to shoot
all the interiors instead?
♪
Gene? Gene, hey!
(gasps) Huh?
What do you say?
Uh, could I shoot
an additional scene
that's not in the script?
(gasps, chuckles)
You're a funny guy.
You don't got to ask me.
You're the boss, after all.
Why do I have to do this?
This is beneath me.
More working and less talking!
And hurry it up before one
of the goats catches a cold!
Got it! I got it!
(bleats)
POMPO:
Yeah. That works.
It's a great scene.
I also want a shot
of the rain clearing.
I hope we get a rainbow.
MARTIN:
Director?
Uh, yes?
I was going to try
falling off the roof.
What do you think?
I just like the idea
of D'Albert getting
more humiliated.
I love it!
And we can even have Lily
point and laugh at him.
Then D'Albert gets so angry
that he loses it
and throws mud at Lily!
Oh?
Uh, I-I'm sorry!
I got carried away.
No. It's a great idea.
I didn't expect it is all.
-Huh?
-Oh, when he falls,
I think he should land
in front of the door.
And-and then we could have a
goat come out and lick his face.
(laughter)
MALE CREW MEMBER:
In that case...
Wow.
Aah!
(splashing)
(goat bleats)
(screaming)
(giggling)
(grunting)
You brat!
You stuck-up windbag!
Aah!
(grunting)
(laughing)
(chuckles)
Huh?
-Hey, look! Gene!
-(gasps)
♪
Quick, shoot it!
Great! And cut!
(cheering)
-Yeah!
-Way to go!
Man, the weather
was on our side after all.
That's gonna be
one killer scene!
(gulps)
Uh, thank you. I appreciate it.
MILES:
Scene 42 is up.
Montage, D'Albert and Lily.
-♪
-(dialogue inaudible)
Scene 44.
D'Albert learns how to fish.
♪
-♪
-(dialogue inaudible)
(singing soft ballad)
(gasps)
Hold on. That song.
(singing continues)
-(gasps)
-(whooshing)
(grunting)
Pompo!
Yes!
This is the scene
that makes the whole movie!
(sighs)
I'm completely satisfied.
All right, I'll see you
back in Nyallywood.
You're not staying to supervise
the rest of the shoot?
I'm still working on finding you
a full orchestra.
And let me tell you, it's gonna
be a scheduling nightmare.
-Oh, and Gene, my boy.
-Yeah? What?
This movie is gonna bring home
a Nyacademy Award,
I'm sure of it.
-Huh?
-Later!
I leave it to you, director.
(laughs nervously)
FEMALE CREW MEMBER:
Stand by, please.
(exhales)
(dialogue inaudible)
ALAN: It's him. The guy
from the plane.
(gasps)
(groans)
Oh. Thank you.
I think I know you.
You're Gene, right?
You're always
writing in that book.
About what?
Just my thoughts on movies.
Oh.
(groans)
(clears throat)
Here you go.
Maybe you should try looking
at where you're going next time.
That way, you won't drop
or lose something important.
Man, what took so long?
-My bad.
-(giggles)
ALAN:
Gene!
Gene Fini!
Uh, huh?
I thought I knew you
from somewhere.
It's Alan. We went
to high school together.
Oh.
A movie director?
That's amazing.
I can hardly
believe it myself, either.
I still feel bad
about your notebook.
That's okay.
I'd actually memorized it,
so I just rewrote it
in a new one.
Uh...
So what do you do, Alan?
"Nyallywood Bank."
Oh, wow. That's major.
-No, it sucks. I hate it.
-Uh...
Again, I apologize.
I had no idea
that he hated golf, sir.
"Sorry" doesn't fix things.
If you were on the ball, you
would've researched the client.
It's basic.
I expect more from an intern.
You may have been
a hotshot analyst,
but you're an associate now.
You can't coast on by anymore.
-You have to do real work.
-I'm sorry, sir.
(scoffs)
(sighs) Lately, I've even been
considering quitting.
But why?
I've never had any
real ambitions or goals.
Everything just came
naturally to me.
But real life
is nothing like high school.
It's harsher. And everything
slips into nothingness.
-Huh.
-(phone buzzes)
Oh. Uh, sorry. Uh, hello?
Understood.
I, uh, gotta run.
Uh, let me know when your movie
comes out, and I'll go see it.
-And, uh, thanks for the chat.
-Yeah, likewise.
You know what, Gene?
I take it back. I was wrong.
You were
looking ahead all along.
I can see the sparkle
in your eyes now.
Huh?
Is it true? My eyes sparkle?
(grunts)
(groans)
Nice, and cut!
We did it! That's a wrap!
(cheering and applause)
Now time to celebrate!
(weeping)
Oh, Grandma, you were right.
I did it! Huh?
Mr. Director! Thank you so much
for all your support!
Huh?
-Uh...
-And then, yeah.
Uh...
Director Gene?
The actors' work
may be all done,
but for our boy Gene here,
it's only just beginning.
Huh?
(laughs nervously)
NATALIE:
Oh, right.
It still needs to be edited.
POMPO: Editing is the most vital
part of a film.
Everything's riding on Gene now.
MARTIN:
He's editing his own movie?
That's not typical
for a director.
POMPO:
I always have my directors
do it themselves
if they can, but...
-But what?
-You see,
this film has the makings
of a masterpiece.
However, the editor is
the first test audience.
Directing is subjective,
but editing is objective.
So now does our Gene have
what it takes
to bridge that gap and find
the perfect cut, I wonder.
(gasps)
GENE:
Time to edit.
This is gonna be so much fun.
I must be the happiest person
on the face of the earth
right now.
We shot about 72 hours of film,
but now what do I do with it?
I'm making a movie
starring Martin Braddock.
It needs to be impressive.
I need a lot of depth
right at the start,
lots of fanfare.
(playing classical music)
(music continues over computer)
I'm not going to show
the whole concert.
I'll jump-cut to the next scene
before the audience gets bored.
(music continues)
Evening, D'Albert.
Masterful performance,
my friend.
GENE:
Scene 12--
interior, the concert hall's
green room.
We shot eight different
camera angles.
I'll line them up
chronologically.
Evening, D'Albert.
Masterful performance,
my friend.
D'ALBERT:
Don't patronize me.
I'm gonna need you to find me
a better flautist, Coltman.
COLTMAN: Let me ask you, do you
have any idea what she costs?
And let me ask you,
who am I to you?
The great D'Albert.
That said, if your next
concert is a success,
you'll become
an international legend.
This I promise you.
I'm doing St Matthew Passion.
Huh? Are you sure?
Do you have a problem with that?
Well, with you conducting it,
I'm sure it'll be perfect--
technically speaking, at least.
But a Passion requires, well,
you know, actual passion.
Which I can't provide?
I ask you again,
who am I to you?
(sighs)
GENE: There's nothing but
exposition in this scene.
Let's try this.
(music resumes)
Don't patronize me.
I'm gonna need you to find me
a better flautist, Coltman.
Let me ask you, do you have
any idea what she costs?
And let me ask you,
who am I to you?
GENE:
I'll start with the wide shots.
That'll create a sense
of mystery surrounding D'Albert.
And by emphasizing Martin's
emotionless delivery,
it'll increase
the tension of the scene.
Ordinarily, one would transition
to a medium shot here,
but I'm gonna
rattle the audience
by jumping straight
to the close-up.
I ask you again,
who am I to you?
GENE:
That's it.
This shows off D'Albert's
prickly personality.
I'll keep employing this tactic.
Scene 24,
page 20 of the screenplay.
D'Albert finally leaves
for Switzerland.
But it's taken 90 minutes
of story just to get here.
And what's worse,
we won't get to meet Lily
for another 30 minutes at least.
How do I fix this?
What? Pompo's
in Australia right now?
Yes. She's currently there
scouting for locations
with director Corvette.
How long will she be gone?
For about another two weeks.
Oh. I see.
Uh, she did leave you a message.
She did?
(clears throat)
(imitating Pompo):
I expect to see the final cut
in my inbox
as soon as I get back!
So don't let me down.
(normal voice):
That was the whole message.
(whimpers)
GENE:
I don't have a choice.
I have to start over
from the top.
(echoing):
Evening, D'Albert.
Masterful performance,
my friend.
♪
(overlapping dialogue)
D'ALBERT: Do you even know
how to read music?
(grunts)
Again from the top!
I want the orchestra replaced!
Have you lost your mind,
D'Albert?
The concert is in two weeks.
How am I supposed to find that
many musicians that quickly?
(overlapping dialogue)
Just answer me this--
what does this aria mean to you?
(overlapping dialogue)
I quit, D'Albert. I'm sorry.
You brought this on yourself.
(phone clicks)
(grunts)
(grunting)
(panting)
(overlapping dialogue)
You've grown careless, D'Albert.
You didn't even bother
to lock your door.
(straining)
You and I have history.
Actually, I feel responsible
for what's happened.
How many years has it been now
since your wife and kid left?
Why are you
bringing that up now?
(Coltman exhales)
Maybe it's time
you took a break.
Get away. Use it to do
some self-reflection.
What am I without music?
Nothing.
(grunts)
It's Mr. Peterzen.
Uh, excuse me, sir.
Whoa.
Huh. (chuckles)
Hmm. Huh?
Oh. Aren't you the...
It's Gene.
I, uh, didn't mean
to disturb you.
But what are you doing?
Just having fun
with some old film.
Amazing.
That's an actual film splicer.
(chuckles)
It's an old man's hobby,
trying to create a story
from discarded film
by piecing them together.
Huh. Uh...
-Um, I was wondering...
-Uh-huh?
PETERZEN:
Hmm.
All the scenes feel important,
and they're all
wonderful performances.
But I have to cut a ton,
or it'll be too long.
Tell me,
why don't you ask Pompo?
Uh... (sighs)
well...
I get it. Pompo is
the screenwriter, isn't she?
What's the point
of you editing the movie
if you can only do
what she tells you to?
Right.
-Gene.
-Huh?
PETERZEN:
Who do we make movies for?
Well, for the audience, I guess.
And, Gene,
what is it about movies
that you love so much?
Uh...
I'm guessing you found
yourself in them.
Does that sound right?
Through them, you experienced
empathy, dreams, longing.
You experienced life.
Now, tell me, Gene,
have you found yourself
in your movie yet?
Hmm.
PETERZEN:
Once you have,
you'll find your passion.
Put it in your film
like you would an aria.
GENE:
What's my aria?
LILY:
What?
You've never strolled
through the mountains before?
And how will doing that
enhance my music?
Uh... (sighs)
PETERZEN:
An aria is a musical solo
used to express emotion.
D'ALBERT:
Back home, they worship me.
I devoted everything
I had to music.
But for who?
Uh...
(gasps, sighs)
So ask yourself,
what are you trying to express?
But also, to whom
do you want to express it?
Do you even know
how to read music? (grunts)
Again from the top!
What's wrong? You think
you're better than the score?
Is that why
you're not following it?
No. But if you want me
to keep playing,
just answer me this--
what does this aria mean to you?
(gasps)
That's it.
(Lily singing soft ballad)
I found it.
(continues singing)
Uh, hold on. That song.
(film reel rattling)
It's me. It's me.
♪
Wait a minute. That means...
Do not fear,
for Pompo has returned!
Uh, I'm glad you're back.
Okay, Gene,
I want to see the film.
Well, it isn't quite finished.
-Huh?
-It isn't quite finished.
Could you repeat that?
-How long is it?
I started over from scratch,
and there's about 72 hours
of footage left.
Well, explain.
Our very first screening
is scheduled
for two weeks from now,
and all of our sponsors
will be there.
They're going to pull funding
if it isn't ready.
So you had better give me
a damn good reason
-for this delay, Gene.
-It's missing something.
-Uh...
-Hmm?
-A scene.
-Huh?
(gasps)
Are you telling me you want
to do additional shooting?
-Yes.
-(thump)
POMPO: As I'm sure
you're already aware,
additional shoots means
reassembling the entire crew.
Now, Gene, do you have
any idea how hard that is?
I can imagine.
You need a crew
in order to make a movie,
but most of them have moved on
to other projects by now,
which means calling in favors
and rescheduling other shoots.
Who do you think
pays for that, huh, Gene?
You do, miss.
And getting your cast
to come back
is an even bigger nightmare.
Who do you think
negotiates that, huh, Gene?
You do, miss.
Lastly, who wrote the screenplay
that you feel
is missing a scene?
-You did, miss.
-Now I ask you again,
are you telling me you want
to do additional shooting?
(sighs)
Where is this coming from?
Because quite frankly,
I think it's insane.
You actually want to attempt
that aria again?
(scoffs)
(clattering)
D'Albert, you're only
embarrassing yourself.
I never understood it.
No. I'd somehow forgotten it--
the smell of fish
or the pain
of slipping in the rain.
Even the bleating of goats.
Uh, what? Stop.
Emotions, memories.
They're important,
and that young girl
reminded me of that.
I know I can do the piece
justice now.
(sighs)
Face it, you're all washed up.
Why don't you just
give up already?
D'ALBERT: Because in spite
of everything...
GENE:
This is all I have. My art.
-D'ALBERT: And so...
-GENE: Please...
-My music needs...
-My movie needs...
-...another shot at the aria.
-...another scene for the film.
I beg you!
♪
Pompo?
POMPO:
Fine. I'll see what I can do.
(exhales)
-(chuckles)
-(laughs nervously)
Unbelievable.
I never dreamed that kid
would challenge me.
Why does he have to be
so stubborn?
(chuckles) And yet...
CORVETTE:
I've never seen you happier.
Oh. Alan. What do you want?
Well, sir,
I've just been thinking
that this job...
Wait. What is this thing?
Hey. Who said
you could take that?
It's an investment proposal
for a film.
-Uh...
-I was just about to call them
to say that we aren't
interested.
Wait. You're passing?
BOSS:
They canceled their screening
because the director couldn't
finish the edit in time,
so all their sponsors
pulled out.
-(gasps)
-Investing in movies
is a very high-risk venture.
What if the director never
manages to complete the film?
Sir, give it to me,
and I'll manage the account.
Huh? Uh...
-POMPO: Well?
-GENE: It-it's perfect.
I never thought I'd have
to write an additional scene
-at your request.
-I'm so sorry.
I just thought
it'd be more consistent
if you were the one to write it.
I guess all directors end up
as arrogant and selfish
as you're being.
But who are you gonna cast
in this brand-new part?
We don't have time
to hold any auditions.
Well, uh, actually, I already
have someone perfect in mind.
MYSTIA:
Hmm?
The Meister script?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, that's right.
It's a new draft because
they added one more scene.
Huh.
But our sponsors pulled out,
so without additional funding,
we won't be able to shoot it.
Actors are powerless
in these kinds of situations.
Huh?
"You can't have both, D'Albert.
Allow me to just say this.
Your music..."
Uh, Mystia? Hello?
Huh? Oh, sorry.
Here.
-Huh?
-(chuckles)
POMPO:
Ah, this is awful.
How on earth am I gonna
market this thing?
-(phone rings)
-Hello. Peterzen Film.
Alan Gardner
from Nyallywood Bank?
Your bank didn't get back to us.
I assumed they rejected
our proposal.
Well, technically, the bank has.
However...
(gasps)
You sure?
Yes.
(chuckles) That's good.
You prepared to lose
everything if you fail?
Yes.
Then welcome to a world
of dreams and madness.
(sighs)
Huh?
This could get you fired.
There's no success without risk.
-Am I right?
-Yeah, but still...
-Send me what you have,
and I'll help.
-Huh?
You won't be ready in time
at this rate.
(typing)
And so, I recommend
that we invest in Meister.
(sighs) Even with a big star
like Martin attached,
the director's new.
It also doesn't bode well
that the film's gotten
bad press,
which makes it too risky
in my book.
I vote we don't invest.
(sighs)
The meeting's adjourned, then.
I haven't finished
my presentation yet!
-Hmm?
-Huh?
I've always been good
at embodying my characters.
Some say it's a gift.
Huh?
Yes, it's been my dream
since I was a girl.
I must've watched
thousands of movies
with my grandpa as a little kid.
But you know what?
Not a single one of them
has ever truly moved me.
So, then, is that what you're
trying do with this movie?
Except I can't be
the one to make it.
Because then I wouldn't
be able to enjoy it. See?
That's where Gene comes in.
It's why you hired him
to direct it.
'Cause out of all the movies,
this one is your dream.
So how long has this
been your dream?
Well, uh...
I've always loved watching
movies ever since I was a kid.
I didn't have any friends,
but I didn't really care.
I mean, there were
so many movies to watch,
so many I hadn't seen yet.
-But there was a girl.
-(gasps)
In every theater I went to,
she was there.
She never stayed, though.
She always left
when the end credits began.
I can't even remember her face.
But I always wondered...
what was it that drew her
to the movies?
And had she never been
so engrossed in a film
that she wanted to stay
till the end,
until after the credits
had rolled?
When I think about it,
it's the reason I wanted
to make a movie myself.
Movies saved me.
So maybe someone else
will be saved by mine.
And then I finally saw it--
myself in the movie.
This movie...
I made it for the me
all those years ago.
No, not just for me.
(song playing in Japanese)
ALAN:
I see.
It needed a character
that everyone can identify with.
Someone who,
no matter who watches it,
can believe in.
GENE:
It's what helped me realize
that the movie was lacking
a very important scene.
One little crucial scene
it required
that would make the movie
complete.
To show what we sacrifice
in order to be able
to pursue our dreams.
And so I beg you,
please make my dreams come true.
ALAN: You know, things
always came naturally,
and I succeeded at everything,
or so I thought.
But, looking back at it,
what have I actually
accomplished?
What's the point of anything
if it doesn't have meaning?
And once I came
to that realization,
I knew I had to find
something for myself.
I ask you,
what is a banker's job really
if not to give people the means
to fulfill their dreams?
So please!
We want to make a movie
that will give people
who have nothing a way
to keep on dreaming!
(song continues in Japanese)
I'll admit,
I agree with what you've said.
That is exactly
what bankers ought to do.
But we can't make decisions
based on philosophy.
You need to convince us
with concrete figures,
not just nice stories.
ALAN:
Figures.
(song continues in Japanese)
-ALAN: I have those figures.
-You do?
-What's this?
-You've been filming us?
I do apologize,
but not only that,
I've been streaming this
entire meeting worldwide.
-Huh?
-What?
Our documentary is
also available online.
What's more...
You're crowdfunding it?
ALAN: We launched this
website a few days ago.
This was how much we raised
on the very first day,
and this is the fund now.
And the campaign is
approaching two million views.
(groans)
So, how do you like
those figures?
Now, that's the conclusion
of my presentation.
-Hmm.
-(groans)
Cut the stream.
(gasps)
(sighs)
I'm afraid your little stunt
has failed.
As such, you are to clear out
your desk immediately.
There's no profit in dreams.
(shuddering breaths)
But why all the long faces?
You put on
quite an entertaining show.
You should be proud.
Oh! Mr. President!
Hurry! Turn off the stream!
A certain someone informed me
of this, and I'm glad they did.
(clears throat)
I was watching.
You know, it's by far
the best presentation
I've seen in a long time.
And it took resolve
and great courage
in order to pull it off.
This little project
has a lot of potential.
We'll invest ten times
the crowdfunding amount.
How's that sound?
-(gasps)
-But, sir!
You're using past indices as
indicators of potential growth.
But you're ignoring
a very important element.
What do you mean?
PRESIDENT:
Take a look at this.
Notice the spike in the funding.
Any of you want to guess
what happened at that moment
to motivate that spike?
It's the moment when
Gene Fini and Alan Gardner
were pouring
their hearts out to us.
Assessing potential means
looking towards the future.
By investing in their dreams,
they're investing
in their future.
Even so...
And Nyallywood Bank invests
in people who will
invest in their dreams.
That is our motto.
Hold on,
since when is that our motto?
-Since now.
-Huh?
And, Alan, you've got a very
bright future ahead of you.
♪ Whoa, oh ♪
(shuddering breath)
Oh, yes!
-♪ Whoa, oh ♪
-Oh. (chuckles)
♪ Whoa, oh ♪
Nicely done.
Thank you so much, sir.
Oh, man.
I can't remember the last time
we've had such a crazy meeting.
It reminds me
of back when the president
was still a junior executive.
We'll invest!
Ah, that was thrilling!
♪
I really appreciate you all
for coming back to shoot
this additional scene.
-(cheering)
-MAN: We wouldn't
miss it for the world!
-MARTIN: Why are you
standing around?
-(grunts)
Everyone's here
because we've got
a crucial scene to shoot, right?
Oh. Everyone.
Thank you so much!
The scene we'll be shooting
is a flashback
to when D'Albert loses
his family.
So who's playing my wife?
MYSTIA:
That would be me.
MARTIN:
Wow.
I'm Martin Braddock,
and the best actor in the world.
Want to add me to your socials?
Sorry, but I don't have
a smartphone.
Hmm? Wait a second.
We've met before.
I don't see how that could be.
Amazing.
I would never know
that was Mystia.
Well, you better not.
All thanks to Nyallywood's
top prosthetic makeup artist.
By the way, don't tell anyone
that it's her.
Also, she wants to use
a pseudonym in the credits.
Why? Is she embarrassed
by the role?
It's not that.
MYSTIA:
I'll do it under one condition.
No one must know
that it's me, okay?
Do you not like the part
or something? Oh...
Oh, no, it's not that.
And it's not that I don't
want to make a movie
with Gene and Natalie,
'cause I do.
And I'm sure I will one day,
but...
...when that time comes,
I want to play the lead.
And until then,
I don't want to appear
in any of Gene's movies.
You've got a deal.
I'll make it work.
Hair and makeup will make you
completely unrecognizable.
MYSTIA:
Great.
GENE:
Miss Pompo?
Well, hurry up and get to work!
(grunts)
-(groans)
-♪ Whoa, oh ♪
And action!
♪ Whoa, oh ♪
GENE:
And so,
thanks to Pompo's
amazing skill as a producer,
not to mention
the crew's efforts,
we managed to finish the movie.
-(knocking)
-NATALIE: Excuse me.
Director Gene? (gasps)
So messy!
Uh, hey, there, Natalie.
Mystia said
you were busy editing,
so I brought you food.
I'm just gonna leave it...
Whoa! What happened?
You look like a panda!
Uh, right.
I haven't slept much.
H-How much sleep
do you have to miss
to get bags like that?
I can't really say.
The last few days
have been a blur.
What? You'll end up
killing yourself!
Thanks to the bank's generosity,
we can afford
to finish the movie.
But we still need to show it
to them in about a week.
I see. Well, how much of it
do you still have left to cut?
Uh, about three hours, I think.
That much? Will you be able
to finish in time?
I mean, I have a whole week,
so probab...
(stammering)
Aah!
(whimpers, grunts)
(gasps)
Miss Pompo.
POMPO:
How's our Gene doing?
MYSTIA:
He's sleeping.
He's fine.
They think it's just anemia
and say he should
recover after some rest.
That means...
Yep. From overwork.
One more thing.
The doctor insists
that he's going
to need to stay in bed
till the end of the week.
If that's the case...
POMPO:
With Gene out of commission,
I'll need to find someone else
to finish editing.
You look so peaceful
when you're sleeping.
I really wanted to see
your movie, your edit.
(sighs)
I was looking forward to it.
Gene, can I come in?
Huh? What?
(gasps, sighs)
I thought you'd be here.
Let's go back to hospital.
-I can't.
-But you have to.
If someone else edits this,
then it won't be
my movie anymore.
Huh?
GENE: When I was doing
the additional shooting,
I remembered something.
How old is Lyla now?
I'm not going to let you
see her after this.
Come on.
You're being unreasonable.
Make your choice.
Stop trying to stall.
Do you choose us or your music?
(sighs)
I'll take your silence
as your answer.
What? So I'm just
supposed to quit music?
We were always invisible to you.
But we're not going to be,
not anymore.
The last thing I'll say is this.
Your music truly is wonderful.
However, that aria?
Everyone is right. It's awful.
♪
GENE: In order to create
something great,
you have to sacrifice
everything.
Not just your own life
but everyone's,
and their money, too.
That's why...
I refuse to give up.
(sighs)
Mmm...
In that case,
I'm not leaving, either.
Huh?
Because it's my movie, too,
you know.
Huh?
Hmm.
Unbelievable.
You two are something else.
Oh, that's the first scene
I shot.
Yeah. Sorry.
But it's not necessary,
so I'm going to have to cut it.
NATALIE (whimpers): My first
scene I shot with Martin!
-(whimpering)
-(Gene tapping keyboard)
(whimpering)
Huh? Huh?
Hmm.
(gasps)
It's okay.
'Cause I... I trust you.
(clears throat)
(song playing in Japanese)
GENE: What's life but
a series of choices?
Choosing one path means
cutting out all others.
And so...
you cut out conversations...
...cut out friendships...
...cut out family...
...cut out everyday
responsibilities.
Cut, cut, cut, cut!
(grunts)
(song continues in Japanese)
Hyah!
(groans)
(grunting)
GENE:
In order to succeed,
in order to keep
what's left over...
...in order not to give up...
I will cut!
(song continues in Japanese)
Because this...
...is my...
aria!
♪
(panting)
NATALIE:
Does this mean you finished it?
GENE:
Maybe.
I don't even know.
NATALIE:
Huh? Huh?
(panting)
How does one know
when it's done?
(gasps) All right.
-How long is it?
-How long?
Uh...
(gasps)
(woman singing operatically)
♪
This is... this is your aria.
COLTMAN: Gotta hand it to you,
D'Albert. You did it.
COLTMAN: You devoted your entire
life to music, didn't you?
(operatic singing continues)
Is that conductor smiling?
MARINA:
You found it-- your aria.
Mother?
MARINA: They say dreams and
memories lay dormant in music.
And you've invoked them all
into this symphony of sound.
I know what you gave up
in exchange.
But gone are the bad times,
the mistakes, the loneliness.
This is our aria.
(gasps softly)
(operatic singing continues)
-LYLA: It's weird.
-Huh?
The music is bringing back
some old memories.
-(chuckles)
-(operatic singing continues)
-♪
-(dialogue inaudible)
(chuckles)
(operatic singing ends)
Miss Pompo, what'd you...
(door opens)
You're a real director.
Huh.
Your film-- it moved me.
Uh...
GENE: Sure enough,
just as Pompo predicted,
the movie was a massive hit.
Uh, hello?
Yes, yes. Well, I hope
you give it some thought.
No problem. I'm actually
headed there right now.
-GENE: And then...
-(cheering)
MALE ANNOUNCER: Meister has
nabbed three awards tonight .
But will it win
the remaining Best Director
and Best Picture as well?
-The anteater gets hit
by gamma rays, grows huge...
-Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
-...and licks her all over.
-Like blah-la-la-la.
-Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
You have to let me direct it!
FEMALE ANNOUNCER:
And the Nyacademy Award
for Best Director
-goes to Gene Fini!
-Huh?
And the Best Picture award
also goes to Meister!
So tell us, if you had to pick
one favorite thing about
the film, what would it be?
Uh, pick one favorite thing?
That's it?
Uh...
my favorite thing
about the movie...
(bird screeches)
...uh, has got to be that
it's exactly 90 minutes long.
(song playing in Japanese)
♪
(song ends)